# .Pyrate
A self-destructing Qt5 web browser written in python and designed for/with unique functions.

### What do you mean self-destructing? ###
When a Qt5 web browser is launched it creates a .local file that hosts all of the cookie-cache's targeted by evercookies (aka serverside cookies). I created a function titled ".abandonShip" that removes the Qt5 folder entirely, with all of it's contents, on command. I tested it against multiple serverside cookies and have yet to find one not removed by this process. That isnt to say it isnt possible, just that, for most practical purposes this proves effective.

### What is with the '.weirdLettering()??' ###
That is Qt5 syntax. While I have no problem sharing, I for sure picked the flavors I wanted- the logo is from the Pirate Party wiki (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pirate_Party), the navigation buttons (forward/backward/stop/reload) are all reduced to 1 character symbols, the toolbars are detachable (which is like 'it has pockets' for programmers), and the naming of options had more to do with saving space then trying to be "l33t".

### Ok, so what other "unique" functions are there? It's just a browser. ###
True, there isnt anything new under the sun here (besides maybe the self-destruction thing.) It is .onion enabled so if you have already downloaded Tor you can now access .onion sites in .Pyrate aswell. It has the ability to play/load/view contents through drag and drop from your home folder making it useable beyond just visiting websites. It still has bookmarks, downloads, ect.. However the way it is arranged is fairly unique:

1. I did away with the over-packed menus of other browsers and consolidated the basic functionality into 3 comboboxes and a single url bar spread across 2 toolbars. This allows you to customize the layout, to an extent, without cluttering your view with dozens of buttons and menus.
2. I never enabled redirects; I want full control of my boat in the digital ocean. You can still navigate to the redirect manually using the url bar but freedom and user control are central to the .Pyrate code.
3. I never enabled direct downloads; Pyrates pick their cargo- if not you are just a privateer. You can download anything you want with .Pyrate, you just have to copy/paste or drag/drop the link into the url bar and select '.downLoad.' under '.capsQuarters'- your options menu.
4. I made an option to generate a qr of whatever is in the url bar: url, hashes, any text from your clipboard or that you drag/dropped from a page. It is the quickest way to share information from your lap/desktop to phone without signing/setting up or logging into anyting.
5. All bookmarks are handled through saving HTML to local files. The idea was to create a form of script injection so basic and easy to access that anyone with a basic understanding of the concept and no knowledge of front end development could extract, read, copy/cut/paste and test their code all in a simple .txt format. I am fully aware that QT has an entire module for scripting- I aimed more for K.I.S.S. with the context of education in mind. If you want to add script injection features, I will leave a link to the Qt page for scripting in python and you can add it yourself or, if you would like to add to/fork this project feel free.
6. I made an option called ".djanGo()" that automates the setup of a new django web-framework project with the help of a dialogue box. Nobody ***NEEDS*** this, you should be able to handle that on your own if youre messing with django. My only reasoning is to "automate the boring stuff."
7. This browser is not designed for the basic user: it was written on Ubuntu FOSS with FOSS at the root of the idea. It likely wont port well to other platforms without tweaking a few things but it shouldnt be a massive process to correct.
8. 'seaShanties' is a ***demonstration*** for ***educational purposes only*** of the effectiveness of paring BeautifulSoup with a search engine for quickly gathering information on a topic. aswell as a basic implimentation of data transfer from one program to another using .txt (usually .csv, but for the sake of beginner approachability I went with .txt), and the usefulness of dequing processes atexit. Also, it downloads music. (***Im not responsible if you download unauthorized songs, check your album search lists for download authorization with youtube before saving, you can always cancel the download of any video by pressing ctrl+c in your terminal if it violates copywright restrictions***)
9. Your homescreen is a local html file by default so you can copy/paste your own html onto or in place of the .Pyrate_Player.html template to customize your homescreen in a way other browsers wont let you.

### Why? ###
Occams razor: the simplest solution is the most likely one. You dont need 34mb to make a connection to a .onion website and you dont need machine learning to remove a server side cookie. If you browsing data is stored in memory, and your memory is reset when the power turns off, you automatically reset your browsing data on open/close.
There are benifits to running a browser that is compiled at runtime. For starters, everything is stored/operated in memory, except a few .txt documents, which saves disk space. Even then, .Pyrate isnt very memory hungry- there arent a lot of complex tasks so the risks of it over running your memory is low. Modifying the package is easy. Deleting it is even easier.
No one expects you to delete firefox and use .Pyrate but if youre looking for a fun project to reverse engineer/beautify or give to your teenage relative with the clear instructions ***NOT*** to abuse downloads, this might be it.

### Notes: ###
*You will need to install PyQt5 and PyQt5 webengine on your own, they are not part of the pip package. If you want access to .onion sites aswell you will also need to install tor.*
